hax	Hand Axe
axe	Axe
2ax	Double Axe
mpi	Military Pick
wax	War Axe
lax	Large Axe
bax	Broad Axe
btx	Battle Axe
gax	Great Axe
gix	Giant Axe
wnd	Wand
ywn	Yew Wand
bwn	Bone Wand
gwn	Grim Wand
clb	Club
scp	Scepter
gsc	Grand Scepter
wsp	War Scepter
spc	Spiked Club
mac	Mace
mst	Morning Star
fla	Flail
whm	War Hammer
mau	Maul
gma	Great Maul
ssd	Short Sword
scm	Scimitar
sbr	Saber
flc	Falchion
crs	Crystal Sword
bsd	Broad Sword
lsd	Long Sword
wsd	War Sword
2hs	Two-Handed Sword
clm	Claymore
gis	Giant Sword
bsw	Bastard Sword
flb	Flamberge
gsd	Great Sword
dgr	Dagger
dir	Dirk
kri	Kriss
bld	Blade
tkf	Throwing Knife
tax	Throwing Axe
bkf	Balanced Knife
bal	Balanced Axe
jav	Javelin
pil	Pilum
ssp	Short Spear
glv	Glaive
tsp	Throwing Spear
spr	Spear
tri	Trident
brn	Brandistock
spt	Spetum
pik	Pike
bar	Bardiche
vou	Voulge
scy	Scythe
pax	Poleaxe
hal	Halberd
wsc	War Scythe
sst	Short Staff
lst	Long Staff
cst	Gnarled Staff
bst	Battle Staff
wst	War Staff
sbw	Short Bow
hbw	Hunter's Bow
lbw	Long Bow
cbw	Composite Bow
sbb	Short Battle Bow
lbb	Long Battle Bow
swb	Short War Bow
lwb	Long War Bow
lxb	Light Crossbow
mxb	Crossbow
hxb	Heavy Crossbow
rxb	Repeating Crossbow
gps	Rancid Gas Potion
ops	Oil Potion
gpm	Choking Gas Potion
opm	Exploding Potion
gpl	Strangling Gas Potion
opl	Fulminating Potion
d33	decoy dagger
g33	Gidbinn
leg	Wirt's Leg
hdm	Horadric Malus
hfh	Hellforge Hammer
hst	Horadric Staff
msf	Staff of the Kings
9ha	Hatchet
9ax	Cleaver
92a	Twin Axe
9mp	Crowbill
9wa	Naga
9la	Military Axe
9ba	Bearded Axe
9bt	Tabar
9ga	Gothic Axe
9gi	Ancient Axe
9wn	Burnt Wand
9yw	Petrified Wand
9bw	Tomb Wand
9gw	Grave Wand
9cl	Cudgel
9sc	Rune Scepter
9qs	Holy Water Sprinkler
9ws	Divine Scepter
9sp	Barbed Club
9ma	Flanged Mace
9mt	Jagged Star
9fl	Knout
9wh	Battle Hammer
9m9	War Club
9gm	Martel de Fer
9ss	Gladius
9sm	Cutlass
9sb	Shamshir
9fc	Tulwar
9cr	Dimensional Blade
9bs	Battle Sword
9ls	Rune Sword
9wd	Ancient Sword
92h	Espadon
9cm	Dacian Falx
9gs	Tusk Sword
9b9	Gothic Sword
9fb	Zweihander
9gd	Executioner Sword
9dg	Poignard
9di	Rondel
9kr	Cinquedeas
9bl	Stilleto
9tk	Battle Dart
9ta	Francisca
9bk	War Dart
9b8	Hurlbat
9ja	War Javelin
9pi	Great Pilum
9s9	Simbilan
9gl	Spiculum
9ts	Harpoon
9sr	War Spear
9tr	Fuscina
9br	War Fork
9st	Yari
9p9	Lance
9b7	Lochaber Axe
9vo	Bill
9s8	Battle Scythe
9pa	Partizan
9h9	Bec-de-Corbin
9wc	Grim Scythe
8ss	Jo Staff
8ls	Quarterstaff
8cs	Cedar Staff
8bs	Gothic Staff
8ws	Rune Staff
8sb	Edge Bow
8hb	Razor Bow
8lb	Cedar Bow
8cb	Double Bow
8s8	Short Siege Bow
8l8	Long Siege Bow
8sw	Rune Bow
8lw	Gothic Bow
8lx	Arbalest
8mx	Siege Crossbow
8hx	Balista
8rx	Chu-Ko-Nu
qf1	KhalimFlail
qf2	SuperKhalimFlail
ktr	Katar
wrb	Wrist Blade
axf	Hatchet Hands
ces	Cestus
clw	Claws
btl	Blade Talons
skr	Scissors Katar
9ar	Quhab
9wb	Wrist Spike
9xf	Fascia
9cs	Hand Scythe
9lw	Greater Claws
9tw	Greater Talons
9qr	Scissors Quhab
7ar	Suwayyah
7wb	Wrist Sword
7xf	War Fist
7cs	Battle Cestus
7lw	Feral Claws
7tw	Runic Talons
7qr	Scissors Suwayyah
7ha	Tomahawk
7ax	Small Crescent
72a	Ettin Axe
7mp	War Spike
7wa	Berserker Axe
7la	Feral Axe
7ba	Silver Edged Axe
7bt	Decapitator
7ga	Champion Axe
7gi	Glorious Axe
7wn	Polished Wand
7yw	Ghost Wand
7bw	Lich Wand
7gw	Unearthed Wand
7cl	Truncheon
7sc	Mighty Scepter
7qs	Seraph Rod
7ws	Caduceus
7sp	Tyrant Club
7ma	Reinforced Mace
7mt	Devil Star
7fl	Scourge
7wh	Legendary Mallet
7m7	Ogre Maul
7gm	Thunder Maul
7ss	Falcata
7sm	Ataghan
7sb	Elegant Blade
7fc	Hydra Edge
7cr	Phase Blade
7bs	Conquest Sword
7ls	Cryptic Sword
7wd	Mythical Sword
72h	Legend Sword
7cm	Highland Blade
7gs	Balrog Blade
7b7	Champion Sword
7fb	Colossal Sword
7gd	Colossus Blade
7dg	Bone Knife
7di	Mithral Point
7kr	Fanged Knife
7bl	Legend Spike
7tk	Flying Knife
7ta	Flying Axe
7bk	Winged Knife
7b8	Winged Axe
7ja	Hyperion Javelin
7pi	Stygian Pilum
7s7	Balrog Spear
7gl	Ghost Glaive
7ts	Winged Harpoon
7sr	Hyperion Spear
7tr	Stygian Pike
7br	Mancatcher
7st	Ghost Spear
7p7	War Pike
7o7	Ogre Axe
7vo	Colossus Voulge
7s8	Thresher
7pa	Cryptic Axe
7h7	Great Poleaxe
7wc	Giant Thresher
6ss	Walking Stick
6ls	Stalagmite
6cs	Elder Staff
6bs	Shillelah
6ws	Archon Staff
6sb	Spider Bow
6hb	Blade Bow
6lb	Shadow Bow
6cb	Great Bow
6s7	Diamond Bow
6l7	Crusader Bow
6sw	Ward Bow
6lw	Hydra Bow
6lx	Pellet Bow
6mx	Gorgon Crossbow
6hx	Colossus Crossbow
6rx	Demon Crossbow
ob1	Eagle Orb
ob2	Sacred Globe
ob3	Smoked Sphere
ob4	Clasped Orb
ob5	Dragon Stone
am1	Stag Bow
am2	Reflex Bow
am3	Maiden Spear
am4	Maiden Pike
am5	Maiden Javelin
ob6	Glowing Orb
ob7	Crystalline Globe
ob8	Cloudy Sphere
ob9	Sparkling Ball
oba	Swirling Crystal
am6	Ashwood Bow
am7	Ceremonial Bow
am8	Ceremonial Spear
am9	Ceremonial Pike
ama	Ceremonial Javelin
obb	Heavenly Stone
obc	Eldritch Orb
obd	Demon Heart
obe	Vortex Orb
obf	Dimensional Shard
amb	Matriarchal Bow
amc	Grand Matron Bow
amd	Matriarchal Spear
ame	Matriarchal Pike
amf	MatriarchalJavelin
0ha	Barbarian Tomahawk
0ax	Precision Cleaver
82a	Duo-Axe
0mp	Razor Axe
0wa	Viking Axe
0la	Brawn Axe
0ba	Heavy Axe
0bt	Split Axe
0ga	Guillotine Axe
0gi	Slayer Axe
0wn	Sacred Wand
0yw	Sepulcher Wand
0bw	Callous Wand
0gw	Demonic Wand
0cl	Cranium Basher
5sc	Celestial Scepter
0qs	Holy Scepter
0ws	Blessed Scepter
0sp	Thorned Club
0ma	Arcane Mace
0mt	Serrated Star
0fl	Dire Flail
0wh	Military Hammer
0m0	Ancient Maul
0gm	Titan's Maul
0ss	Gladiator Blade
0sm	Desert Sword
0sb	Rapier
0fc	Okrist
0cr	Jeweled Edge
0bs	Viking Sword
0ls	Arcane Sword
0wd	Trojan Sword
02h	Judgement Blade
0cm	Titan's Dagger
0gs	Lithe Blade
0b0	Dark Sword
0fb	Hellfire Sword
0gd	Death Blade
0dg	Carved Bone
0di	Mithral Knife
0kr	Fang Knife
0bl	Ancient Spike
0tk	Throwing Dagger
0ta	Throwing Hatchet
0bk	Balanced Dagger
0b6	Balanced Hatchet
0ja	Ancient Shards
0pi	Dire Pilum
0s9	Lissom Spear
0gl	Ahab Spear
0ts	Whale Hunter
0sr	Guisarme
0tr	Grapnel
0br	Dragon Spear
0st	Ranseur
0p0	Impaler
0b7	Urgrosh
0vo	Pole Gauche
0s8	Shadow Scythe
0pa	Royal Partizan
0h0	Guardian
0wc	Death Reaper
1ss	Elder Cane
1ls	Mystic Staff
1cs	Petrified Staff
1bs	Mage Staff
1ws	Arcane Staff
1sb	Spiderwoven Bow
1hb	Sharp Bow
1lb	Shade Bow
1cb	Dark Bow
1s8	Rogue Bow
1l8	Marksman Bow
1sw	Arcane Bow
1lw	Ancient Bow
1lx	Choice Crossbow
1mx	Marksman Crossbow
1hx	Odysseus Crossbow
1rx	Assassin Crossbow
aq2	Magic Arrows
cq2	Magic Bolts
aq0	Magic Arrows (soc)
cq0	Magic Bolts (soc)
gsp	Great Scepter
9gp	Consecrated Scepter
0gp	Seraphic Scepter
apb	Precision Bow
9pb	Tuigan Bow
0pb	Elven Bow
nin	Ninja To (Old)
9nn	Wakizashi (Old)
0nn	Katana
bts	Tribal Spear
9xb	Highland Javelin
0xb	Mountain Clan Spear
shc	Oak Branch
9sh	Shaman Wand
0sh	Shillelagh
nrd	Ritualistic Dagger
9rd	Sacrificial Dagger
0rd	Ceremonial Dagger
nsy	Wretched Scythe
9ns	Dire Scythe
0ns	Soul Scythe
syn	Dread Scythe
9sy	Doom Blade
0sy	Soul Destroyer
pbe	Blessed Edge
9be	Divine Blade
0be	Celestial Blade
mnb	Mana Blade
9mn	Energy Blade
0mn	Magic Blade
p01	Hand Axe
p02	Axe
p03	Double Axe
p04	Military Pick
p05	War Axe
p06	Large Axe
p07	Broad Axe
p08	Battle Axe
p09	Great Axe
p10	Giant Axe
p11	Wand
p12	Yew Wand
p13	Bone Wand
p14	Grim Wand
p15	Club
p16	Scepter
p17	Grand Scepter
p18	War Scepter
p19	Spiked Club
p20	Mace
p21	Morning Star
p22	Flail
p23	War Hammer
p24	Maul
p25	Great Maul
p26	Short Sword
p27	Scimitar
p28	Saber
p29	Falchion
p30	Crystal Sword
p31	Broad Sword
p32	Long Sword
p33	War Sword
p34	Two-Handed Sword
p35	Claymore
p36	Giant Sword
p37	Bastard Sword
p38	Flamberge
p39	Great Sword
p40	Dagger
p41	Dirk
p42	Kriss
p43	Blade
p44	Spear
p45	Trident
p46	Brandistock
p47	Spetum
p48	Pike
p49	Bardiche
p50	Voulge
p51	Scythe
p52	Poleaxe
p53	Halberd
p54	War Scythe
p55	Short Staff
p56	Long Staff
p57	Gnarled Staff
p58	Battle Staff
p59	War Staff
p60	Short Bow
p61	Hunter's Bow
p62	Long Bow
p63	Composite Bow
p64	Short Battle Bow
p65	Long Battle Bow
p66	Short War Bow
p67	Long War Bow
p68	Light Crossbow
p69	Crossbow
p70	Heavy Crossbow
p71	Repeating Crossbow
q00	Hatchet
q01	Cleaver
q02	Twin Axe
q03	Crowbill
q04	Naga
q05	Military Axe
q06	Bearded Axe
q07	Tabar
q08	Gothic Axe
q09	Ancient Axe
q10	Burnt Wand
q11	Petrified Wand
q12	Tomb Wand
q13	Grave Wand
q14	Cudgel
q15	Rune Scepter
q16	Holy Water Sprinkler
q17	Divine Scepter
q18	Barbed Club
q19	Flanged Mace
q20	Jagged Star
q21	Knout
q22	Battle Hammer
q23	War Club
q24	Martel de Fer
q25	Gladius
q26	Cutlass
q27	Shamshir
q28	Tulwar
q29	Dimensional Blade
q30	Battle Sword
q31	Rune Sword
q32	Ancient Sword
q33	Espadon
q34	Dacian Falx
q35	Tusk Sword
q36	Gothic Sword
q37	Zweihander
q38	Executioner Sword
q39	Poignard
q40	Rondel
q41	Cinquedeas
q42	Stilleto
q43	War Spear
q44	Fuscina
q45	War Fork
q46	Yari
q47	Lance
q48	Lochaber Axe
q49	Bill
q50	Battle Scythe
q51	Partizan
q52	Bec-de-Corbin
q53	Grim Scythe
q54	Jo Staff
q55	Quarterstaff
q56	Cedar Staff
q57	Gothic Staff
q58	Rune Staff
q59	Edge Bow
q60	Razor Bow
q61	Cedar Bow
q62	Double Bow
q63	Short Siege Bow
q64	Long Siege Bow
q65	Rune Bow
q66	Gothic Bow
q67	Arbalest
q68	Siege Crossbow
q69	Balista
q70	Chu-Ko-Nu
q73	Greater Talons
q74	Wrist Sword
q75	Battle Cestus
q76	Feral Claws
q77	Ceremonial Bow
q78	Ceremonial Pike
q79	Ceremonial Javelin
q80	Matriarchal Bow
q81	Matriarchal Spear
q82	MatriarchalJavelin
q83	Swirling Crystal
q84	Eldritch Orb
q85	Dimensional Shard
q71	Battle Dart
q72	Francisca
gb1	Token Sw1
gb2	Token Bow
gb9	Token Aqv
njt	Ninja To
9nj	Wakizashi
gb0	Token Sw2
gc0	Token Ax1
gc1	Token Ax2
gc2	Token Wnd
gc3	Token Ma1
gc4	Token Ma2
gc5	Token Dgr
gc6	Token Thr
gc7	Token Jav
gc8	Token Spe
gc9	Token Pol
gd0	Token Stf
gd1	Token Ktr
gd2	Token Orb
gd7	Token Xbo
gd8	Token Bqv
gd9	Token Kkl
kkl	Brass Knuckle
9kl	Tekko
0kl	Raging Knuckle
arm	Battering Arm
9rm	Rock Buster
0rm	Wrecking Arm
q1a	Two-Handed Sword
q1b	Claymore
q1c	Giant Sword
q1d	Bastard Sword
q1e	Flamberge
q1f	Great Sword
q2a	Espadon
q2b	Dacian Falx
q2c	Tusk Sword
q2d	Gothic Sword
q2e	Zweihander
q2f	Executioner Sword
q3a	Judgement Blade
q3b	Titan's Dagger
q3c	Lithe Blade
q3d	Dark Sword
q3e	Hellfire Sword
q3f	Death Blade
q4a	Legend Sword
q4b	Highland Blade
q4c	Balrog Blade
q4d	Champion Sword
q4e	Colossal Sword
q4f	Colossus Blade
v7x	Chromatic Blade
5qa	Grand Edge
5qb	Grand Axe
5qc	Grand Hammer
5qd	Grand Talons
5qf	Grand Skewer
5qg	Grand Reaper
5qh	Grand Bow
5qi	Grand Arbalest
5qj	Grand Harpoon
5qk	Grand Hurlbat
5ql	Grand Spellblade
5qm	Grand Archstaff
5qn	Grand Talons Fixed
